Yeesh.
Your arms are so thin.
No wonder you get shoved
around by girls, Senpai.
Shut up.
I know I'm a flimsy bean sprout.
Look at Senpai,
feeling sorry for himself. Gross!
Don't be so down, though.
Let's do some muscle training!
Really?
Keep it up for a few months,
and you might go from
Bean Sprout Senpai to Daikon Senpai.
Let's do it! Muscle training!
No.
Too much work.
You'd have to put up with a lot of pain,
doing push-ups and sit-ups and stuff.
That's too much work.
Man, you're such a loser, Senpai.
I wouldn't mind doing it if there's training
you can do without moving, though.
There is.
First, get on all fours.
What?
On all fours.
Fine! Fine!
Well? What now?
H-Hey!
Wh-What are you doing?!
Strength training that
doesn't require you to move.
All you have to do is hold
still in this position.
This isn't too much work, is it?
I'm pretty sure this isn't a thing.
It's my original regimen.
It should really work your triceps.
Let's keep at it for ten minutes or so.
Your arms are already trembling.
You've gotta hold on for at least five minutes.
I-I can't!
My arms!
Senpai, you're so pitiful.
I'll pull you along.
Go!
Keep it up! Keep it up! Senpai!
Keep it up! Keep it up! Senpa...
...i...
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
That Might Actually Be Fun, Senpai♥
I can't.
I'm so sleepy.
Gunpyou Yagura
The game that came out just
last week was so good,
I skipped studying for the tests
and gamed day in and day out.
Senpai.
Senpai!
Are you studying properly?
Huh? What?
The midterms are coming up in four days.
I-I think I'll be all right.
I feel pretty good about it.
Something's fishy.
You've been gaming or something, haven't you?
Senpai, the fool who got hooked
on a game right before exams.
As a result...
He fails!
And he does that every
time there are exams...
And he has to repeat the grade!
No way.
I'd never have to repeat the grade.
Are you okay with this?
Are you okay with repeating?
Are you?
Hey, Senpai.
Hey, hey.
Wh-Whatever.
I wouldn't mind if that happened.
It'd just mean I have
another year of club work.
Repeating might be okay.
Don't you get it, Senpai?
If you repeat the grade...
when spring rolls around for
your repeated second-year...
we'll be in the same class.
'Sup?
We're going to be in the
same class this year,
Ex-Senpai.
For example, in English class...
You forgot your textbook again?
What do we do with you, Ex-Senpai?
Here, I'll share mine.
Move your desk over.
And in phys ed...
You're a lap behind!
Aren't you sad, being left in the
dust by a former underclassman?
Come on, Ex-Senpai!
And after school...
I can't figure this part out.
Huh?
You can't, either, Ex-Senpai?
Isn't this your second time?
Get a grip, Ex-Senpai.
That's hilarious.
It might actually be fun, Ex-Senpai.
Yeah, it won't be boring,
at least, with you around.
What was that creepy comment just now?!
I'm obviously kidding!
Why would I want to see your
gross face every morning?
That's too much grossness to handle.
I don't want to repeat, either.
Yeah, yeah, so get studying!
Gross! Gross!
Gross! Gross! Gross!
And so, Senpai has started
studying like crazy.
Paisen's so desperate.
Desperate!
You know, though, it'd be fun
to see Paisen in our year.
Right?
Double time?
That's not going to happen.
And they say that what happens
twice happens a third time, so...
Paisen would repeat twice.
He could.
Triple?!
No way!
If you had to do it three times...
That would make us your senpai, Paisen.
Upperclassmen
Come on, Ex-Senpai! Massage me.
Yes, ma'am.
My muscles are aching from club work.
Oi, over here.
Y-Yes, ma'am!
They're stiff, aren't they?
Don't half-ass it.
Yes, ma'am.
Me, too!
That's the spot.
Touch me in the wrong spot,
and I'll punch you.
Yes, ma'am.
Ex-Senpai, buy me an red bean bun.
Buy me those mushroom snacks.
Buy me those crunchy panda snacks.
Be back in three minutes.
Yes, ma'am!
You're paying for them
if you're even a second late.
You're paying!
Why would you buy chunky red bean?!
I obviously want my red bean buns smooth!
I said mushrooms!
Why'd you go and buy bamboo sprouts?!
Pandas!
Not koalas!
Yum.
Oh, man!
I should study.
Senpai-kun.
You don't have to worry.
English
We're all doing make-up exams,
except Toro-chan.
We might be more likely
to repeat than you.
Later.
Guys, stop worrying about me and go study.
I don't have make-up exams.
Help us study, Paisen.
Help us.
You did pretty well.
I worked hard.
Are you that much against
becoming my classmate?
Baby boba!
Let's Play Rock-Paper-Scissors, Senpai ! !
We can't have Hayacchi seeing you like this.
H-Hey, wait!
It's fine. You want to
feel better, don't you?
You always do this on
your own, don't you?
Yeah!
B-But having someone else do it
for me s-seems a bit scary...
Don't worry. She'll be gentle.
Gentle!
Okay, you're going to feel a touch.
H-Hey, wait...
Stay still, Paisen.
Wai—
Come on. Stop squirming.
I'm trying to be gentle.
B-But...
Just shut up and let yourself go, Paisen.
Body and soul!
Aw, you moved so much that
my hand's in a weird position.
B-But if you hold it like that...
Quit resisting!
B-But any more and I'm going to...
Don't worry. You'll feel so much
better when you get it all out.
B-But wait, no...
Stop!
H-Hey, we were just...
We just thought we'd help
him pull out this splinter.
You're nice, aren't you, Senpai?
Wh-What brought that up?
You don't mind carrying a cute girl's stuff,
even if it's not that heavy.
I-I was just passing by, and she asked me.
Here.
The stacked ones looked pretty heavy.
Who wouldn't help carry stuff?
Okay...
Carry mine, too, then.
Why would you say that?
Fine.
Let's play rock-paper-scissors, then.
Wha?
The loser has to carry the winner's bag.
Up to the three-way ahead.
What are we, in elementary school?
Start with rock.
Rock, paper, scissors...
Wait...
Shoot!
She did this to herself.
I haven't done anything wrong.
Yet I can't help but feel guilty.
It must be pretty easy for you,
having a younger girl carry your stuff home.
We can switch if you're getting tired.
It's fine.
This is what I get for losing.
Next, we're going up to the four-way.
W-We're still doing this?
I have a feeling I'll be
in trouble if I win twice.
Start with rock.
Rock... Paper... Scissors...
Shoot!
I win!
I guess I'm trying to be considerate.
Man, this is so easy.
Heavy.
This is perfect for you, though, isn't it?
How?
You know how it is in manga and stuff...
You're always carrying
heavy stuff around, and...
Time to show you my true potential.
Now...
I can fight at full strength!
You know how they get really strong?
Who are you fighting?!
This is our last one.
No more being considerate!
Start with rock.
Rock, paper, scissors...
Scissors!
Yay!
All right, then.
Give me your bag.
No, don't worry about my bag.
Instead...
I'm your luggage.
What are you doing?!
What if someone sees us?
It's all right.
There aren't that many people around here.
B-But...
Come on. Let's go!
Senpai, you're beet red.
Have you never carried a girl before?
G-Gee, who knows?
"Gee, who knows?"
Hear that?!
Of course you haven't!
Look at you, trying to look cool!
Gross! Gross! Gross!
Hey! hold still!
Okay.
So heavy...
I mean...
Considering everything that's on me...
Worse than that, though...
Crap...
I'm going to drop her!
U-Uh... Sorry...
I'm going this way.
Did I upset her?
I'm gaming. What kinda game?
A dating sim? It's a fighting game!
You're so creepy, Senpai
I'm going to bed
See you tomorrow, Senpai
Thanks for holding my stuff
What are you up to right now?
Are you all by yourself, doing nasty things?
Nasty!
I'm doing my homework.
Yeah? Okay, pop quiz time.
I'm doing homework.
What am I doing right now?
Watching TV or something?
Wrong.
Nagatoro
The answer is...
Taking a bath!
You freak out so much.
I-I-I-I'm n-not f-f-freaking out!
Lies.
Your voice was totally freaked out.
Was that too much for a virgin like you?
I-It wasn't too much of anything!
I only hear your voice.
You probably have a really
strong imagination.
I bet you see me naked
in your head right now.
I don't see anything!
I'm busy studying right now.
Oh, no!
Senpai's defiling me in his mind.
I'm not doing that!
Senpai, you pervert!
I'm not a pervert!
Mega-perv, then!
Stay calm.
Stay calm, stay calm.
Don't let Nagatoro take control.
She turned on her camera?!
You're freaking out too much, Senpai.
Did you see me naked with your
overwhelming power of imagination?
I-I saw...
Y-You're on v-video!
A-All I saw was from your shoulders up.
I didn't see anything else,
so it's okay, I guess...
I guess it's not really for me to
decide if it was okay or not...
S-Sorry.
Y-You don't need to apologize.
It wasn't a big deal for me.
Points of improvement for today.
Too bad you didn't get to
have Sakura do it for you.
It was just a splinter.
You were making some really
nasty voices, though.
I was glad I had you do it, though.
Nasty!
The splinter, I mean!